Join us to hear from a diverse panel of experts representing higher education and industry as they discuss the importance of relevant curricula, talent connections and skills development across all career phases to remain competitive in a digital economy and close analytics skills gaps. Jan 28. 2021 calls for rewriting the rules of retail across everything from demand planning to marketing. See how Ulta Beauty, Hanesbrands Inc., Microsoft, KPMG US and more are tackling the year ahead with analytics. Register to see customer stories, demos, and Ask the Experts sessions all starting Jan 12. See how Ulta Beauty, Hanesbrands Inc., Microsoft, KPMG US and more are tackling the year ahead with analytics. Register to see customer stories, demos, and Ask the Experts sessions all starting Jan 12. Meet some of the women in retail analytics who will be presenting next week during #NRF2021 on everything from demand planning and marketing to fraud and 5G. All starting on Jan. 12. Register for one or more sessions in one simple step. Calling all data scientists...have you heard about #HackinSAS? Use your knowledge to empower communities and make the world a better place with data and #analytics. Register to particpate in SAS' global 2021 hackathon. And...make plans to attend our LIVE launch event on January 13th for announcements, guest speakers, #hackathon mentors, a trivia game, and more! You can watch HERE live, or on YouTube. We at SAS ensure that you are ready for the next big job. Keeping the industry demand and skill gaps in view, SAS brings a unique blend of data, analytics and management. Course commences on February 13, 2021. Bryan Harris has been named Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at SAS. For nearly 10 years, Harris has been a critical senior leader of SAS R&D. In his most recent role as Head of Engineering, he was instrumental in releasing the latest advancement of SAS’ cloud-native SAS Viya software. As CTO, Harris will continue driving the development of innovative software solutions to meet the evolving analytic needs of customers. What 5 analytics trends will shape life sciences, even after COVID-19? See what industry experts have to say. Connecting With the New Digital Customer. Join us here LIVE next week on January 13 for our global #HackinSAS launch event! Hear special guest speaker Angela Bee Chan, CEO of Hackathons International, get the details about our upcoming #hackathon and how YOU can participate, play a trivia game and more. Businesses are experiencing a critical gap in available talent. Universities are the key to solving this challenge by developing academic programs to meet this growing need. SAS India actively participates and assists educators by frequently arranging Faculty Development Programs (FDP). Digital Transformation is more important than ever. View the top Harvard Business Review articles and webinar for Data & Digital Transformation to reinvent your business for a changing world. Exciting news, Our University Recruiting team has been recognized as one of RippleMatch’s 2021 Campus Forward Award Honorees. Great job, team! Fighting fraud and financial crime is a big responsibility — one that Brooke Fortson doesn't take lightly. “On the other side of financial crime, there's always a victim,” she says. Experience 2030 was a road map for the future. But then in early 2020, a disruption appeared. This pulse report re-examines our prior research, informed by the responses of more than 600 global consumers, executives, marketers and technology professionals. We validated that the operating models for consumer and brand engagement hold true yet continue to be redefined as brands adapt and accelerate their plans to build for the future. Imagine a world where cloud data from sensors, devices and machines can be collected to analyze and deploy insights back into the cloud. Reduce your workload and improve the quality of your data with new SAS book "The Data Detective's Toolkit." Help make the world a better place. Sign up to participate in SAS' global 2021 hackathon. Attend our LIVE launch event on January 13th for announcements, special guest speakers, #hackathon mentors, a trivia game, and more. You can watch HERE live on our company page, or on YouTube. For airing times and details. As we close out the year, there's one thing for certain - learning new skills is still high on the list. Check out this 2020 roundup that highlights the #SASUsers YouTube How To Tutorials most viewed, hours watched and latest hits. Connecting With the New Digital Customer. Another 2021 prediction from our experts: The more human oversight is added to #AI results, the more confidence they have in the decisions that are being made by the models. Use your knowledge to empower communities and make the world a better place with data and analytics. Sign up to participate in SAS' global 2021 hackathon! Plus, join our LIVE launch event on January 13th for announcements, special guest speakers, #hackathon mentors, a trivia game, and more! You can watch HERE live on our company page, or on YouTube. For airing times and details. Investigate your data and create reports with SAS Visual Analytics. The sky’s the limit when you take your SAS analytics platform to the cloud. Learn to quickly deploy SAS Viya alongside SAS 9 or SAS Grid, in Microsoft Azure. We'll cover best practices for setting up the optimal environment int this Ask the Expert webinar. As 2020 was the year of COVID, we predict next year will be the year of the vaccine. Read more of our predictions for 2021 here. Wishing all of you the sparkliest of holidays, however you are celebrating this year, from all of us at SAS. Our SAS Scotland office hosts an annual holiday lunch, and for the last couple years, our own Sebastien Charrot has decorated the whiteboard walls with festive hand drawn cartoons. This year looks a bit different, but he's keeping the tradition alive virtually. We continue to be amazed by our employees' resilience and creativity. Data scientists, developers, students, startups, and SAS customers, apply your innovative thinking and turn your ideas into practical action. Sign up to participate in the global SAS #hackathon and use data to help improve the world. For details and to register. If the last decade was the era of big tech, could the next decade be the era of clean transportation? There’s reason to believe COVID-19 might have helped usher in a faster transition to #EVs, which means changes are on the horizon for both consumers and the electric power industry. Get plugged in to what’s on the horizon in the fifth episode of our Electrifying AI series. This training is designed for individuals who wish to showcase their AI and Analytics Talent using open source and SAS tools to garner insight from data. From Machine Learning to Natural Language Processing (NLP), to Computer Vision, to Forecasting and Optimization it has all. Instructor-led training commencing on 2nd January’2021. At SAS, curiosity is at the center of it all. Our Sr. Artist in Residence, Juliana Craig, unleashes her curiosity with a simple question: What if? 2021 calls for rewriting the rules of retail across everything from demand planning to marketing. See how Ulta Beauty, Hanesbrands Inc., Microsoft, KPMG US and more are tackling the year ahead with analytics. Register to see customer stories, demos, and Ask the Experts sessions all starting Jan 12. How can you define your career? Keeping the industry demand and skill gaps in view, SAS brings a unique & exhaustive “SAS Certified Data Scientist” course. Instructor-led training commencing from 13th Feb’2021. How can AI and analytics help banks achieve their diversity, equity and inclusion goals? SAS’ Charyn Faenza shares insights in the BAI Banking Strategies Executive. SAS certification can set you apart in a competitive job market. LinkedIn and other online channels are becoming the primary way that companies are seeking out new talent. When you earn a certification with SAS, you receive a verifiable badge that can be shared across multiple platforms including LinkedIn. We just wrapped up our 12 week podcast journey with She Loves Data + Data Futurology discussing all things data and diversity. Listen to all the #SheLeads podcasts for C-level insights on diversity, #AI and innovation from top global banking, retail, technology and education brands. This SAS book is a must-have resource to solve even the most challenging clinical graph problems. Do you have an idea you’re just itching to share? A personal story that could inspire others? A piece of advice that changed your life? Whatever your concept, the SAS Women in Analytics community wants to from you. Join the open casting call today! We at SAS institute ensure that you are ready for the next big job. Learn Data Curation, Advanced Analytics, AI and Machine Learning your way at your own pace and move forward in the career. 12 months of unlimited access, online courses, cloud software access, exam vouchers. It may be the end of the year, but these new hires at our SAS Japan office are just getting started with New Hire Orientation. We can't wait to see how their big ideas make a difference. SAS is widely recognized as the gold standard for determining safety and efficacy for clinical trials. SAS is also the primary mechanism for preparing analysis-ready data for traditional clinical research safety and efficacy analysis activities. Become a SAS Certified Clinical Trials Programmer & open door to opportunities! SAS is committed to supporting organizations transforming their decision processes with powerful, flexible and intuitive products. Forrester naming SAS a leader in digital decisioning platforms affirms that charge! Learn to apply AI and machine learning to business problems and understand each step of the analytical life cycle with this in-depth credential. Course Commences 2nd January 2021. 2021 calls for rewriting the rules of retail across everything from demand planning to marketing. See how Ulta Beauty, Hanesbrands Inc., Microsoft, KPMG US and more are tackling the year ahead with analytics. Register to see customer stories, demos, and Ask the Experts sessions all starting Jan 12. Experience 2030 was a road map for the future. But then in early 2020, a disruption appeared. This pulse report re-examines our prior research, informed by the responses of more than 600 global consumers, executives, marketers and technology professionals. We validated that the operating models for consumer and brand engagement hold true yet continue to be redefined as brands adapt and accelerate their plans to build for the future. We're looking for a passionate, collaborative and action-oriented Diversity Talent Acquisition Lead! Sound like you? Discover the power of data to empower and improve lives across the world. Registration opens for SAS' global #hackathon on December 17! See how you can get involved. Have you submitted your proposal to present at SAS Global Forum 2021 next spring? Submissions due December 21. At SAS, curiosity abounds. Hear how our own Matthew Galati, Distinguished Operations Research Specialist, tapped into his curiosity to bring our Contact Tracing solution to life at a time when it was needed most. As the year winds down, we're turning to tips from our energy expert, Brian, on how to maintain energy and productivity while we #WFH. How do you keep your energy up before the holidays? Advanced analytics with clinical trials are able to bucket multiple drugs into one study instead of only studying one drug at a time. And results from clinical trials are coming in faster and faster, giving patients a better opportunity to find the latest treatments that will work for them. See more #2021 predictions from our predictive experts at SAS. Thinking about adding a SAS certification to your skills? Now you can save 50% on an exam through the end of the year – plus take it from home. Find out how. As we look towards 2021 and beyond, one thing remains certain -- data science will continue to be an important and rewarding career choice.
Join us for this live webinar as we recap the data scientist learning journey webinars and key points from each that benefit data scientists and aspiring data scientists, discuss how SAS approached COVID-19, and share what's to come in 2021. SAS is committed to supporting organizations transforming their decision processes with powerful, flexible and intuitive products. Forrester naming SAS a leader in digital decisioning platforms affirms that charge! It’s not too late to save your seat for this free, live webinar where we’ll recap the year, lessons learned and the vision for the new year. SAS' global #hackathon 2021 is just around the corner. If you're a data scientist, check out how you can participate to fix global issues with the power of data while advocating for diversity and making the world a better place. Who’s brave enough to make #predictions for next year after the unpredictable year we're experiencing? We are. After all, the disruptive nature of 2020 brings with it some opportunities as well – and many of them involve data, analytics, and digital transformation. We surveyed some of our most forward-looking SAS colleagues and selected our favorite predictions. Learn how to clean, transform, and enhance your data, before analyzing, with our December SAS book-of-the-month. Enjoy a 40% discount on this book through December 31, 2020. SAS has been named a leader in The Forrester Wave™: Real-Time Interaction Management, Q4 2020 for SAS Customer Intelligence 360. For the seventh consecutive year, SAS is positioned as a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Data Science & Machine Learning Platforms. There's never been a better time to learn data science skills, from the analytics leader. Financial assistance is available.
 